Adds reference to View in Maps option and add a screenshot (#2136)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/anomaly-detection/geographic-anomalies.asciidoc

You can use the top influencer values to further filter your results and
identify possible contributing factors or patterns of behavior.

> You can also view the anomaly in **Maps** by clicking on the "View in Maps" 

Reviewer: Per the text highlighting guidelines, I think menu items should be bold:
```suggestion
You can also view the anomaly in **Maps** by clicking **View in Maps** 
```

> option under the **Actions** menu in the anomaly table.

Reviewer: Our "Writing about the user interface" guidelines refer to this simply as the "action menu", so that's likely simplest here too:
```suggestion
in the action menu in the anomaly table.
```
